slack_doc: Update the instruction to install an app to a workspace. (#36296)
zulip/zulip: zerver/webhooks/slack/doc.md

        See the [required bot token scopes](#required-bot-token-scopes)
        section for details about these scopes.

> 1. Scroll up to the **OAuth Tokens** section in the same menu, and click **Install

Author: Okay, I've updated `scroll up to` → `scroll to` but kept `**OAuth Tokens**` as is because the title for that section has been updated:
<img width="479" height="145" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c8038af-e4f0-401c-99aa-21701adf776b" />

The second sentence is also changed to the one you suggested.

   to Workspace**. You will be prompted to grant the app permission to access to

>    workspace. Complete the flow by clicking **Allow** for the requested permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to Workspace**.  Grant the app permission to access your workspace by clicking **Allow** when prompted.
```
